README.md, before:

Project: UX Design Practice Verticals

---

## Technology

- [AngularJS 1](https://angularjs.org/) (Javascript Framework)
- [Bootstrap v3.3.6](http://getbootstrap.com/) (Front-End Framework)
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) (Database Platform)
- [Angular-Scroll](https://github.com/oblador/angular-scroll) (AngularJS plugin)
- [Simple Sharing Buttons](https://simplesharingbuttons.com/)
---

## Updates

**3/1/2015**

I've decided to use AngularJS to make use of directives and controller features. 

Also, this project will use Bootstrap & follow Google Material Design guidelines. 

In order to make the buttons Material like, I am following this [code example](http://codepen.io/ayamflow/pen/HarIg) to make use of getBoundingClientRect() function.


**2/9/2015**

This project is inspired by an article I read last year. It is called [UX Design Practice Vertical](http://www.uxmatters.com/mt/archives/2014/08/ux-design-practice-verticals.php). 

I love how it beautifully captures all the User Experience related job roles. 

My goal is to create an interactive and visually compelling version of it to provide clarity to more people who are venturing into or already working in any UX roles.

Commit message:

tinkered with new FireBase, unsuccessful

README.md, after:

Project: UX Design Practice Verticals

---

## Technology

- [AngularJS 1](https://angularjs.org/) (Javascript Framework)
- [Bootstrap v3.3.6](http://getbootstrap.com/) (Front-End Framework)
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) (Database Platform)
- [Angular-Scroll](https://github.com/oblador/angular-scroll) (AngularJS plugin)
- [Simple Sharing Buttons](https://simplesharingbuttons.com/)
---

## Updates

**5/28/2016**

[UXDPV.io](http://www.uxdpv.io) is LIVE and in beta. 

However, the most annoying thing happened right in the middle of deployment. 

Firebase is completely released and redeployed with Google on May 18th 2016. Since I'm using AngularFire 1.2.0 with FireBase 2.4.2, the code does not work for new Firebase consoles. This is a headache but it'll have to be resolved when AngularFire 2.0 comes out. See all the [discussions about Firebase + AngularFire](https://github.com/firebase/angularfire/issues/718) on github. 


**3/1/2015**

I've decided to use AngularJS to make use of directives and controller features. 

Also, this project will use Bootstrap & follow Google Material Design guidelines. 

In order to make the buttons Material like, I am following this [code example](http://codepen.io/ayamflow/pen/HarIg) to make use of getBoundingClientRect() function.


**2/9/2015**

This project is inspired by an article I read last year. It is called [UX Design Practice Vertical](http://www.uxmatters.com/mt/archives/2014/08/ux-design-practice-verticals.php). 

I love how it beautifully captures all the User Experience related job roles. 

My goal is to create an interactive and visually compelling version of it to provide clarity to more people who are venturing into or already working in any UX roles.
